【確認待ち】Swiper を更新 (#1699)
vektor-inc/vk-blocks-pro: readme.txt

[ Bug fix ][ Child page list ] "There are no page." is not displayed on the front page.
[ Bug fix ][ Breadcrumb ] Delete non intentional margin on editor screen
[ Bug Fix ][ Taxonomy block ( Pro ) ] Fix the "Show hierarchy" option bug.

> [ Specification Change ][ Slider ] Update Swiper to 9.3.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[ Bug fix ][ Slider ] Fixed file reference bug of slider under specific environment such as Windows ( Update Swiper 9.3.2 )
```
